oh hi there everyone i'm jay this week
on girls and boys is food week so i
thought i would make something for you
all I really like rolled cheese
sandwiches you didn't know this about me
I eat grilled cheese sandwiches way more
than I should so say I thought I okay
what it's my hair I thought that I would
teach you guys how to make the perfect
grilled cheese sandwich
also I just woke up that's why I look
like this not wearing any makeup and I'm
not looking good so I apologize my mommy
we're gonna do this so let's start here
are some of the things you'll need a
plate obviously butter you'll also need
some cheese and some bread
perfect the first thing you do is you're
going to take your butter just spread
that [ __ ] everywhere done next you're
gonna take your cheese and start slicing
that shape just look at that cheese mmm
anyway take your cheese slicer thing and
just start slicing it I like to just
slice one full strand cheese but if you
want to do more than be my guest
next you're gonna get your pan and start
heating it up once the pan starts to
feel like Satan's crotch then you're
ready to go so you're gonna take your
bread and just put it on there like that
Wow look how easy that was
you're gonna take your cheese and put it
on top of that wow that was easy too
and then you're gonna take your last
piece of bread butter side facing up and
just slap it on top of that as well then
you're gonna wait for it to stop
sizzling as much as it usually is and
then you're gonna flip it here we go oh
[ __ ] look how perfectly I did that Wow
this is the color you want you want it
to be this golden brown color you don't
want to burn you don't want it to yellow
looking this is holy [ __ ] I get that
really well and then you're just gonna
wait until the other side stops sizzling
and flip that and then yeah okay let's
try this again okay well and that's fine
it's fine it's okay it's alright we're
all good here and there you have it your
perfect grilled cheese sandwich the
other side the other side didn't look as
great it's a little burn but you know
what sometimes the burn adds more flavor
you know what it's all good so yeah
thank you guys for watching if you
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
subscribe to everyone's main channel
down below and yeah I'll see you guys
next Wednesday ye